Who is it, Jiang Ri, a beast, come in first, wait for the morning, and transport more in the house, I, Jiang Ri
What are you looking at? Chunfen, we didn’t come to wait for you on purpose. Just hand over Jiang Ri.
Jiang Ri, then, after the Chen family received my money, they had to explain to me the Chen family’s incident.
It’s decided, we are human again, do you still exist? Chunfen, I know you are a good person, you saved me last time
I, I haven’t had time to thank you yet, I know how to do this, so please don’t interfere with me, Shen, the process,
We don’t want to either, hahaha
I found out that I will not marry Qin Guoqiao.
Qin Church, which you want to return to, also has quilts.
Hey, don't blame me
Do you want to fall in love at such an old age?
It was you who ruined her. Who else can you blame?
I will never pass it on to her again.
Just drive it yourself, okay?